Updated Manual (#38)
team-folivora/annoto: MANUAL.md

# Annoto Manual for users

> Open the web app and you will see an image. Below the image there are buttons with labels, that could be annotated to the image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the web app and you will see an image. Below the image there are buttons with labels that can be used to annotate the image. 
```
Is this gramatically correct?

> Click on one of the annotation buttons, to create an annotation for the displayed image. the annotation is then stored into the ```/.annoto```-folder in the home directory of your local file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on one of the annotation buttons to create an annotation for the displayed image. The annotation is then stored into the `.annoto`-folder in the home directory of your local file system.
```
